hello guys welcome welcome welcome to my
channel this video is about five things
that freak me out in the United States I
am from Russia and I came to the States
in 2015 first to run my company and I
was super excited about the Silicon
Valley I go back to Russia got my work
visa and came back in November 2016 so
I've been here for seven months and I
absolutely love this place but there are
also things that I encounter in my daily
life
that makes me really really freaked out
so if you're interested to hear those
things you can see me watching this
video
first things that really freaks me out
is time so here's the story we bought in
your car we put it into our working
basement and we're so excited about it I
forgot to tell my building that we have
a new car but the story is next day
we're super excited we want to go
somewhere on a new car we go down to the
garage and there is no car so it got
towed away and I'm calling the tower
service and I'm asking hey did you tell
a Mercedes and they're like yes we did
and then how much how much does it cost
to pick it up and she's like okay I'm
going to take a pause here just take a
couple of seconds and remember how much
does it cost to get your car back in
your city like in in st. Petersburg Ram
from a cost run $80 and here she goes
$600 so my reaction is like what because
I thought I heard something different
like say me six six hundred dollars for
a child car and it's not like they took
it next one they also took it like 40
minutes away from my building why I
haven't been taken it to LA like this is
so crazy and also the amount of fine fed
you get here so parking in San Francisco
one hour cost around four dollars and
this is a story that happened to me a
couple months ago fill up my car I paid
for one hour of parching I came back I
was yes I was two minutes late my fault
but the fine was $88 for being late for
ten minutes I think this is incredible
and when I'm getting this fines I'm like
why am I here well I don't have to pay
all of that but yeah I love this place I
love Silicon Valley and I make a
separate video about why I'm here
I'm going to go to the next thing that
freaks me out say number two the cost of
medical care so I have my insurance that
cost $350 I still have to pay like this
350 s per month
no spur years because in Russia like if
you pay for the best insurance would be
like $1000 per year um so yeah I paid
$350 a month
and I still have to pay for every single
visit so if I see my PCP I paid 20 bucks
if I see a specialist I pay 40 bucks but
the most interesting part comes later so
you come and see a doctor and imagine
that something goes wrong and he's like
all we need to do this in this like
let's do an ultrasound or I will give
you a plastic wrap a plastic band for
your your arm that hurts and you're like
okay let's do it because doctor advises
and then in two months
you get a bill from that doctor the
plastic band for your arm cost $400 and
you go to the CVS store which is like a
local pharmacy and you can get the exact
same been exact same brand for six
dollars in your life seriously and this
is what happens like if you're conscious
and if you can make choices you would
say like no I don't need your band then
you say 400 bucks because sometimes
insurance doesn't cover this it says
like this is the cost that you have to
carry oh then coming down but imagine
something bad happens like when you
cannot control what other people do and
you cannot say no please don't so they
also know how much it cost
yeah and you still have your copay you
still have your out-of-pocket expense so
getting sick in America is really
expensive and there is this video that
went viral on Facebook the guy needed to
replace his hip and it cost him I don't
remember the exact numbers but it cost
him like $15,000 in the state and he
said for that amount of money he would
have flown to Spain business class
replacement hips then go to the
mountains ski break his hip again
replace the hip again spend some time in
the South of France relaxing and
enjoying the Sun and come back to the
safe and he would still have $5,000 left
like can you imagine that again um this
like I think there this can be fixed
with a more expensive insurance but a
last time I caught a virus and I was at
home I was really afraid that it might
get worse so before I got the fever
I tried to Google all the urgent care
centers that are in my insurance so I
don't come to an urgent care that is
outside my insurance and I have to pay
all of the scenes
the thirsting internet and mobile phone
so again I'm comparing with my country
and I'm comparing Silicon Valley to st.
Petersburg I know it can be different in
different parts of the United States but
my internet here is provided by xfinity
comcast and if you've ever called their
customer service like this video
so I told their customer service at
least 20 times because they have told me
I'm going to have a specific speed and
my speed is always like five times
slower and you call them during the day
and you say hey the speed is actually
slower than you promise and they're like
oh you should reboot your router and
wait about 24 hours and everything is
going to be fine and you do that and you
call them the next day because of course
nothing happens and you have a different
customer support guy who tells you oh
you should reboot your router and wait
for 24 hours so object fourth day I got
them back and I'm like starting to freak
out and they send in an electrician or
specialist who checks the wires and he
says the wires the Comcast buyer who
that goes into my house is actually
really old and this is what I'm getting
and I'm like thank you mess of these
issues and I say $80 a month for my
Internet and the second thing is mobile
phone I paid $40 and I only get four
gigabytes of Internet and the rest I
need to pay for it yes calls and text to
free but then in Russia
I've a like less than $10 a month thanks
number for homeless people I know this
is a San Francisco thing but seriously
um an average one-bedroom apartment here
costs $3500 like $4,000 and when you go
out of your building you want to enjoy
the city vibes you want to enjoy the
nature but when I got my building I see
homeless people everywhere and there is
nothing that is done to put them away
from the street there are loads and
loads of them in it if you have been to
San Francisco you've probably seen them
they sleeps out there in the streets
they eat there they also to take drugs
in the streets and many
them I'm mentally ill and it's like they
don't touch people they just live in
their own world
but sometimes like if they find
something in you they can follow you and
scream and shout and this makes me
really intimidated and scared because
I'm afraid something's going to happen
and once I tried to help one of the
homeless people and I gave him some
money into and he's done so I gave him
change and he said there and he started
throwing away 1/10 coins because this is
obviously too small I don't know like if
you guys know why this is happening and
what can be done to help those people
but I think there is too much homeless
people in San Francisco Street and the
fifth thing I know very many people from
Europe would understand me um tax once
you pay so you never see the amount of
tax you going to pay for hands you only
find it out at the cashier when you're
actually giving money and for example
you go to have lunch and you see that
the sandwich is like seven dollars and
the drink is 1.5 dollars and you're like
hey I'm going to send a for five dollars
but you can you can put this lady to
pinch it says nine fifty or whatever I
still don't know which is these that
amount of tax here but and it's okay
when it's lunch like extra one box extra
sixty cents extra but if you're buying
something big and you save money for it
and then at the checkout you actually
find you have to pay $300 more four
hundred dollars more this has really
freaked me out and I don't know why it's
impossible to just write down the amount
of tax included enterprise this is
really weird for me so these were the
five things that freak me out in the
states many people would tell why are
you still there why don't you move out I
think I will make a separate video or if
you look at some other videos I've
already said this is the best place
right now for me to run my company and
yet if you just came from this case or
you've never been to say - there are
things that freak you out please write
them down in comments let's discuss and
let me know what you think about this
video don't forget to start
my channel and I will see you in the
next video bye
[Music]
you